docs: added remarkables README.md (#108)
desmos-labs/desmos-contracts: contracts/remarkables/README.md

# Remarkables contract

> Contract that allows post authors to mint a remakable NFT for their post reaching the rarity level requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contract that allows content creators to mint a "Remakable" (NFT) of their post that reaches the required rarity level.
```

To easily interact with the contract you can use the `remarkables` script available [here](https://github.com/desmos-labs/contract-utils/tree/main/utils), 
otherwise you can take a look at the supported messages in the following sections.

## Instantiate Message
Allows to initialize the contract. This message has the following parameters:

> * `admin`: Address of who will have the right to administer the contract;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `admin`: Address of the user that has the rights to administer the contract;
```

> * `cw721_code_id`: Id of the CW721 contract to initialize together with this contract;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cw721_code_id`: Id of the CW721 contract to be initialized together with this contract;
```

* `cw721_instantiate_msg`: Initialization [message](../cw721-remarkables/README.md#instantiate_message) that will be sent to the CW721 contract;

> * `subspace_id`: Id of the target subspace to perform the contract; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `subspace_id`: Id of the target subspace where to launch the contract; 
```

> * `rarities`: List of rarity with the details which is defined [here](#Rarity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rarities`: List of the possible Remarkables rarities and their details [here](#Rarity).
```

Here an example message to instantiate the contract:
```json
{
    "admin": "desmos1......",
    "minter": "desmos1......",
    "cw721_code_id": "1",
    "cw721_instantiate_msg": {
        "name": "remarkables_nft",
        "symbol": "remarkables",
        "minter": "contract_address"
    },
    "subspace_id": "1",
    "rarities": [
        {
            "engagement_threshold": 10,
            "mint_fees": [
                {
                    "amount": "100",
                    "denom": "udsm",
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "engagement_threshold": 100,
            "mint_fees": [
                {
                    "amount": "1000",
                    "denom": "udsm",
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

### Rarity

> Represents the requirement to mint a remarkables nft for a post. This structure has the folloing parameters:

Author: ```suggestion
Represents the requirement to mint a remarkables NFT for a post. This structure has the folloing parameters:
```

> Represents the requirement to mint a remarkables NFT for a post. This structure has the folloing parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the requirement to mint a Remarkable (NFT) for a post. This structure has the folloing parameters:
```

* `engagement_threshold`: Threshold of the needed reactions amount to the post;
* `mint_fees`: Fees to mint a remarkables NFT for a post.

## Execute Messages

### Mint

> Allows the post author to mint a remarkables nft for his/her post reaching the requirement of the target level. This message has the following parameters:

Author: ```suggestion
Allows the post author to mint a remarkables NFT for his/her post reaching the requirement of the target level. This message has the following parameters:
```

> Allows the post author to mint a remarkables NFT for his/her post reaching the requirement of the target level. This message has the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows the post author to mint a Remarkable NFT for their post that satisfies the engagement threshold requirement. This message has the following parameters:
```

* `post_id`: Id of the target post;

> * `remarkables_uri`: IPFS uri where indicates more information;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `remarkables_uri`: IPFS uri where the Remarkable metadata are stored;
```

> * `rarity_level`: Level of the target rarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rarity_level`: Rarity level of the post.
```

> Here an example message to mint a remarkable NFT for the post:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here an example message to mint a Remarkable NFT for the post:
```

```json
{
    "mint": {
        "post_id": "1",
        "remarkables_uri": "ipfs://remarkables.info",
        "rarity_level": 1
    },
    "funds": [
        {
            "amount": "100",
            "denom": "udsm",
        }
    ]
}
```

### UpdateRarityMintFees
Allows the admin to change the mint fees to the target rarity level.

> * `rarity_level`: Level of the target rarity to be updated mint fees;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `rarity_level`: Level at which mint fees will be changed;
```

* `new_fees`: Fees which replace the old mint fees.

Here an example message to update mint fees of the given rarity level:
```json
{
    "update_rarity_mint_fees": {
        "rarity_level": 1,
        "new_fees": [
            {
                "amount": "10", 
                "denom": "uatom"
            },
            {
                "amount": "100",
                "denom": "udsm"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

### UpdateAdmin
Allows the contract's admin to transfer the admin rights to another user. This message has the following parameter:

> * `new_admin`: Address to be the new admin that controls this contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `new_admin`: Address of the new admin.
```

Here an example message to update the contract admin:
```json
{
    "update_admin": {
        "new_admin": "desmos1......"
    }
}
```

### ClaimFees
Allows the contract admin to claim the fees paid from the users to execute the contract. 
This message has the following parameter:

> * `receiver`: Address to which fees will be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `receiver`: Address to which the fees will be sent.
```

Here an example message to claim the fees:
```json
{
  "claim_fees": {
    "receiver": "desmos1..."
  }
}
```

## Query Messages

### Config
Allows to query the config of the contract.

Here an example message to query the config:
```json
{
    "config": {}
}
```

Response:
```json
{
    "admin": "desmos1......",
    "cw721_code_id": "1",
    "cw721_address": "desmos1......",
    "subspace_id": "1"
}
```

### Rarities

> Allows to query the rarities could be minted in the contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allows to query the rarities that could be minted in the contract.
```
